Python scripts for blog (#3)
elastic/labs-releases: tools/malware_research/README.md

<img width="1440" alt="Elastic Security Labs Banner Image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/7442091/234121634-fd2518cf-70cb-4eee-8134-393c1f712bac.png">

## An Elastic approach to large-scale dynamic malware analysis

> This repository contains the Python snippets leveraged for creating gsub json objects, custom pipeline configurations and setting up and executing enrich policies as described in our blog post [An Elastic approach to large-scale dynamic malware analysis](https://url.com).

Author: ```suggestion
This repository contains the Python snippets leveraged for creating gsub json objects, custom pipeline configurations and setting up and executing enrich policies as described in our research publication [An Elastic approach to large-scale dynamic malware analysis](https://url.com).
```

> This repository contains the Python snippets leveraged for creating gsub json objects, custom pipeline configurations and setting up and executing enrich policies as described in our research publication [An Elastic approach to large-scale dynamic malware analysis](https://url.com).

Author: ```suggestion
This repository contains the Python snippets leveraged for creating gsub json objects, custom pipeline configurations and setting up and executing enrich policies as described in our research publication [An Elastic approach to large-scale dynamic malware analysis](https://elastic.co/security-labs/an-elastic-approach-to-large-scale-dynamic-malware-analysis).
```
